That's not what I meant.
What do you mean?
I just want to find buckwheat quickly
I don't want to waste time on such trifles
Although I didn't let Lin Yue bet with him
But Lin Yue is fighting for me after all
Can you not have time to care about his strangers?
Sorry I just want to find buckwheat quickly
Do you really want to meet him?
I said as long as you tell me about the buckwheat project
Let me see you
I can buy this store and give it to you.
Since you are so sincere
Then I'll pass it on for you.
Wrap this skirt for me
Who is it?
Why are you so related to buckwheat?
It also allows designers to reveal secrets
Prepare all kinds of things for your parents, it doesn't matter who I am
Here's the thing.
Do you know who the people around you are?
What do you want to say, just say it
I don't like playing dumb
Hello, your stuff.
You'll be meeting buckwheat soon.
idiom
What should I do?